All right welcome back to these students I hope you're really excited because today we're going to be
learning a bow.
We've already done the create.
We already run done the read.
All right.
We need a lot of date med that's going to be pretty awesome.
We're almost there guys almost there.
So but before we do that.
All right we're showing this in the index.
And since we're doing the read part of the crowd why don't we make sure that instead of seeing every
post here we also see the individual pools.
Right.
So let's do the show Mantid as well right here.
That's you.
There we go right here.
All right.
So you remember how that works right.
Let me just give you a little refresher real quick.
The show matter right here.
You can see that is going to have the you are I suppose.
And then for Slash.
And you have to catch it with a variable.
All right.
Or with some type of ID or something there for that post.
So that's why I has an idea here when we created this resource it created this idea for us there.
OK.
So now what we're going to do here is going to return the view.
Right.
And the name of this view is polls that show that's the name of the route.
Ok cool.
So now in order for us to show these polls we have to do we have to find their eyes so we have to say
post and then find or fail and then we have the idea right.
That's all we do and we come back here.
We are aware of our function here.
It's really helpful.
And when you say that.
Ok cool.
And now we go to the show.
And with this play right here now let's go back to our end there and take that little piece of code
from there and let's go back here and just base that in there because this is for their most recent
purposes only guys.
All right so now actually we don't need this because what we are displaying is just one poll so we don't
need to live through anything.
We already have it.
So if you want to do having one you do have one and you know the title right here.
So now OK if you pass the idea of the polls let's say for Slash 1.
You can see the polls for that number to see that one.
Number three you can see that we're on call now.
Let's create a little link on the index to go to the polls right.
That will be nice to do.
All right.
So let's go and create a little link right here swimming in that.
I'm topping the AM tabbing it.
And then I'm going to wrap it around.
I'm going to show you this function for having yet.
I think I already show you this function.
Let's put it inside blade.
And this is the route the name of the route that we want to send this thing to or whoever clicks on
this link.
We want to send them to pose that.
What were they going to the show Matt.
Right.
But now remember that this show meant the with you or I takes an I.D. right.
So the second parameter of this function is an I.D..
So we're just going to say balls we already have the ID re pose ID because we have this object here
.
All right this collection we are looping through finding each object and we have the ID right here and
we have that title.
All right cool.
So now if I go back to pose we can see there are links.
If I click on them it takes me to that specific post.
Go back.
All right cool stuff right guys.
All right.
So now let's get to the to the edit functionality right.
Because that's why we've got to do.
Let's go back here.
And we are ready we already have this Actually this.
All right we just have to make it so this one is to create.
They just put a one here so it doesn't confuse us create post and this one would be a it post.
Ok cool.
All right.
So now that we have this let's also go make this one receive an ID.
So let's go to controller.
Let's go to Ed it and this is why it's getting executed.
All right.
So remember when the visitors visits this you or I which is pose for last an ID and therefore Sless
edit.
All right that's automatically fine for us.
They visit this route.
They're going to hit this mentor right here.
So they're going to hit this method.
Let's just put this down a little bit.
And we've got to find the pole star I'm going to pull.
I'm going to copy that.
Let's just do it.
Find or fail.
All right.
We're going to find and then we're going to return the data the view.
OK.
And we're going to return to pose that edit view and we will return it with what with Tippoo's of course
guys.
Very good.
There we go.
Like this super simple stuff right.
Cool.
So now we have done that and let's go back to our edit.
All right.
On the next lecture we're going to continue with the added functionality is going to be pretty cool
guys and see you then.
Take care.
Bye bye.